[Music]
these premature babies are having to
share one incubator as they fight to
survive another
day medical staff at the alh Hala
Hospital in Rafa don't have the
resources and medical supplies they need
to cope with
demand more newborns and expectant
mothers arriving by the
day ipam is just one of many seeking
shelter here preparing to give birth in
a war
zone I am in the ninth month of
pregnancy and I was unable to walk with
great difficulty until we reached TR we
saw death with our own eyes we felt that
we were dying and we had nothing life
was very
difficult the UN says 50,000 women are
pregnant and 5,500 due to give birth
soon medical workers here are
overwhelmed and often depend on basic
first aid to treat patients and keep
others alive and they dread what might
come
next we also fear that what happened in
the Northern and Central Gaza Strip in
terms of electricity outages will happen
to us because it affects the workflow of
operations the care of pregnant women
and followup of
births every day medical professionals
are having to make life or death
decisions for critically patients and
also for
newborns there are cases with
deformities but we don't have the space
to accommodate them so we leave them in
the reception department and we sort the
cases according to the degree of Hope
For Life of each
child with Israeli Prime Minister
rejecting calls for a ceasefire in Gaza
no one can hope for a halt to the
Israeli military's assaults on hospitals
and patients of to lie waiting for
treatment in facilities that no longer
work Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer